HCS-1805: Add consul cluster vm size (#77)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: docs/data-sources/consul_cluster.md

- **region** (String) The region where the HCP Consul cluster is located.
- **scale** (Number) The the number of Consul server nodes in the cluster.
- **self_link** (String) A unique URL identifying the HCP Consul cluster.

> - **size** (String) The t-shirt size representation of each server VM that this Consul cluster is provisioned with. Valid options - x_small, small, medium, large.

Author: Agreed on consistency on external messaging. Is there a link/will there be a link available with this info ? Just so that we do not have to duplicate changes to the messaging in multiple places.

> - **size** (String) The t-shirt size representation of each server VM that this Consul cluster is provisioned with. Valid options - x_small, small, medium, large.

Author: Updated based on discussion with @srikrishmurthy.

> - **size** (String) The t-shirt size representation of each server VM that this Consul cluster is provisioned with. Valid option for development tier - x_small. Valid options for other tiers - small, medium, large.

Reviewer: nit: not sure how much this matters but I noticed the style below with tier puts single quotes around the value options. Maybe we should do that here too for consistency?
```suggestion
- **size** (String) The t-shirt size representation of each server VM that this Consul cluster is provisioned with. Valid option for development tier - 'x_small'. Valid options for other tiers - 'small', 'medium', 'large'.
```

Author: Done
